1 
Thursday : (colon, if the noun is to be defined or described) The most spiritual day for all sai Baba devotees.
2 
Kingdom after kingdom(singular if its to be repeated after a preposition) was (sv)conquered by the mighty Alexander.
3 One of my friends is working with the UN. (Nouns after one of should always be plural) 
4 I love my cousins the same way I love my own brother.(Cousin is never followed by brother or sister). 
5 
The food provided by the authority is inadequate as it is just two chapati and a half and some dal for a day. (if a numerical adj. and a fraction of a noun is to be denoted, the noun is chiefly used with the numerical adj.)
6 Premada Das is known as the Emran Hashmi of our class. Capital letter 
7 
The famous story 'Winking Woman' is written by Charan Singh. Quotation Marks = names of chapter, short stories and poems
8 
Abinash Jena (Common Noun) is the Tendulkar (proper noun) of our colony.(Proper Noun can be used as common noun.)
9 
The board (collective noun) has (singular verb) taken its decision that Ishant Sharma should be dropped in the next match.
10 
The panel (collective noun , if it no more gives its collective identity or individual of the group is focused) were (pv) divided in their (plural pronoun) opinion in the mining scam.
11 
A bevy of young girls (collective noun) hold a candle march for the unlucky brave heart Nirbhaya. It is determined to get Nirbhaya justice.
12 Iron (Material Noun)(viewed as singular subj and has no plural form) is the most useful of all metals. 
13 Iron (Material Noun)(never takes an article "A,an, the" before it) is the most useful of all metals. 
14 Anger (Abstract Noun) and greed (Abstract Noun) are despicable elements in a person (singular pronoun). 
15 The baby cries when it is hungry. Ex. Babies, lower animals, insects if they are spoken in general. 
16 The doll is very dear to her, She takes it wherever she goes. 
16 It is a book of just 300 pages. (all non living things take neuter gender) 
18 
Ethics (Singular noun appear plural as they end in 's' and 'es') is to be inculcated and learnt for leading virtuous life. Ex. Arts, Billiards, Draughts, Eithisc, Economics, Innings, Mathematics, Mechanics, measles, Mumps, News, Physics, Politics
19 
Noor feared to keep her luggage (nouns that have no plural form and are considered singular) in the cloak room. Ex. Advice, bread, business, breakage, crockery, furnitur, information, jewellry, knowledge, language, luggage, money mischief, poetry, postage, scenery, stationery, wastage.
20 
Where have (pv) you kept my scissors (singular form and are considered plural and hence take pv and plural pronoun)? Find those fast. Ex. Jeans, breeched, drawers, trousers, scissors, tweezers, pliers, pincers, glasses
21 The cattle of kerela (plural but appear singular) are (pv) stronger than those (ppn) of Odisha. 
22 
The M.L.A. denoted twenty pair of shoes and fifty thousand rupees to the football team. Nouns denoting units of counting are not pluralised if definite numerical adj precede them. Ex. Dozen, hundred, million, pair, score, thousands
23 
Hundreds of people(denoting units of counting) were (pv) stranded in the melee. Nouns denoting units of counting can take plural form in the absence of definite numeral adj.
24 
Hundred aircraft (Some nouns can be used as singular noun as well as plural noun without changing their form) were (pv) used in a performance on the eve of Independence Day.
25 
Rakesh' (Apostrophe 's' is not added to nouns ending in hissing sounds ro denote possessive case. Only [an possessive apostrophe is sufficient) uncle is gentleman.
26 
The king of Mauritius' reception was hold at the Manila. (Apostrophe 's' is not added to plural nouns ending in 's'.
27 
It was signed as 'yours Namrata'. Not "your's Namrata (personal possessive pronouns are formed w/out an apostrophe sign.
28 
In a hostel one has to take care of one's self. Not ones self. (Indefinite possesive pronoun as formed by adding apostrophe 's')
29 
Manat is Shaharuk Khan the actor's house. Not Manat is Shaharuk Khan's the actor's house.(a noun with several word takes possessive sign with its last word. )
30 
It is sad to find that no one follows Gandhi ji, the father if the nation's word. (if 2 or more nouns are in apposition then only the last noun takes the possessive sign)
31 
We all enjoyed lots at Pinky and Srimant's reception. (if 2 or more nouns denote joint possession then possession sign is used with only the last noun)
????
32 
The crowd cheered to Sachin's and Sehwag's boundaries. (if 2 or more nouns denote separate possession then possessive sign is used independently with the diff nouns.
33 The cap of the pen is not fitting. (possessive case is usually limited to living things) 
34 
The villagers pray the river as Goddess as she (not as it) provides them with variety of food. (non living things can take possessive case if they are personified)
35 
My friend stays a stone's throw away from my house. (thou non living the possessive case is used with nouns denoting space, time and weight.)
36 
Ram's friends have arrived and they want to meet Ram immediately. (the pronoun must stand its actual number, gender and person.)
37 
A bevy of beautiful girls made a spectacular sight. It has gathered for the beauty Bhubaneswar contest. (the pronounmust be in neuter gender if it denotes a collective noun ehich even may constitute living things.
38 
My mentor and brother (pronoun must be singular if two or more singular nouns are joined to refer the same person) has (sv) his unique approach towards every problem.
39 
The poet and the singer (if 2 or more singular nouns are joined to refer separate persons) are(pv) ill and cannot come on the show tonight.
40 
Each boy and each girl (pronoun must be singular if two or more singular nouns are joined by and are preceded by each of every) has (sv) to switch his mobile off before entering the hall.
41 
Either Amiya or Anthony (if two or more singular nouns are joined or, either or, neither nor) has (sv) lost his passport.
42 
Neither Manish nor his friends (if a singular noun and a plural noun are joined by or or not)valued their (ppn) time.
43 
I, you and Tabish have our own task to mind. ( 123 rule of joint pronoun. If one pronoun has to denote diff persons. 1st, 2nd, 3rd person, then 1st person plural form precedes over 2nd person and 3rd person and 2nd person plural form precedes over 3rd person)
44 
Samir, you and I are to be awarded for our projects. (if there are 3 pronouns of diff persons and the subj of discussion is healthy then 2nd person comes before 3rd and 3rd person comes before 1st person. However, if the subj of discussion is not healthy or taking responsibility is talked then 1st person comes bfore 2nd person and 2nd comes before 1st. person.)
45 
I saw him driving the car. (pronoun is used as the object of a verb or a preposition, it must be in the objective case.)
46 
He wants to avail(verb) himself(reflexive noun) a chance to get global exposure. (a reflexive pronoun must used if the ff verbs are used reflexively)
47 
The soldiers feed on branches, barks, roots during the war. (the ff verbs are never used reflexively; bathe, break, burst, feed, form, gather, hide, keep, lengthen, make, move, open, qualify, rest, roll, speeed,steel, stop and turn.
48 
A bulb and a fan are bare necessity in a room. This gives you cool breeze and that gives you light. (when 2 things have been mentioned in a sentence, 'this referred to the thing last mentioned and 'that ' to the thing 1st mentiones.)
49 
It is accepted that Satish has a big fan following him. (it is accepted that Satish has a big fan following him)
50 One must be sincere with one's studies. (indefinite pronoun 'one' must be used throughout if used once.) 
51 
None of the players (plural noun) have been injured. (indefinite pronoun 'non' may behave as singular or plural accdg to the context)
52 
Either of the 2 bros can sign for the approval. Not Anyone of the 2 bros can sign for the approval. (indefinite pronoun 'anyone' must be used when more than 2 persons or things are referred.)
53 
The kids sang a song each. (the distributive pronoun 'each' may come after the object of the verb only if the obj contains a number.)
54 
The relative proniun 'that' is preferred to 'who' or 'which' in the ff cases: After adjectives in the superlative degree. After all, any, none, nothing, same.
55 
One of my friends who stay in New York is coming tomorrow. (relative pronoun must be in the same number and person as its antecedents.
56 
Rohini was the one who the security barred from entering. (the case of the relative pronoun should maintain parallelism with the verb)
57 
Mr. Ranny is the trainer whom (not who) the students hate and who calles himself as soft skill giant. (independent pronouns must be used for a relative pronoun used in subjective and objective case.)
58 
These biscuits (relative pronoun must be placed near its antecedent) w/c are made from edible grass are from Germany. Not These biscuits are from Germany w/c are made from edible grass.
59 She is wearing what I presented her. (relative pronoun 'what' is used w/out an antecedent. 
60 He is the same man I was talking about. 'same' as the antecedent takes relative pronoun 'as or that' 
61 The weight is such as he could not lift it. ('such' as the antecedent takes relative pronoun 'as') 
68 
The hospitility of the villagers is (sv) to be learnt by all. (A verb must agree with its subj in number and person)
69 Mother and child (subjects) are (pv) to take the medicine for better result. 
71 
Admiration, accolade and acclamation (if 2 or more subj joined by and speak of 1 idea) has (sv)little effect on the great cricketer Sachin Tendulkar.
72 
The playground (singular) and the lower staffs (plural) (if 2 subj of diff number i.e. 1 singular and the other plural are joined by the verb must be plural and the plural subj must be placed near the verb) speak (pv) volume about a school.
73 
The Mayor with his councilors is to be blamed for the for the fiasco. (1st subj agreement. If there are 2 subj and the connecting word bet the subj are 'with', together with' along with'besides as' as well as', the verb must agree with the 1st subj.)
74 
Neither Anika nor her friends are coming on the party. (if there are 2 subj and the connecting word bet the subj are 'or, nor, but also, the verb must agree with the subj 2nd mentioned)
75 Each boy and each girl is (sv) to be present in the annual function. Ex. Each, every or no. 
76 
Neither the West nor the East (if two or more singular subject) has been (sv) successful in eliminating poverty.
76 
Billiards (plural in form but singular in meaning) is (sv) the game of the rich. Ex. Billiards, draughts, economics, ethics, innings, mathematics, mechanics, measles, mumps, news, physics, politics, rickets, summons. Rule19
77 The poultry (singular in form but are plural in meaning) were (pv) not given adequate food. 
78 
Many deer (certain nouns which have same the form in the singular as well as in the plural take singular may take singular or the plural verb accdg to the context) in search of food come very near our gate. Ex. Aircraft, carp, fish, swine, trout
79 
These are not my scissors. (certain nouns wc consists of 2 parts take plural verb, although it refers to 1 countable thing.) ex. Binoculars, breeches, glasses, pliers, pincers, scissors, spectacles, shorts, tongs, trousers, etc.
80 
The jury (collective nouns may take sv or pv accdg to the context.)gave its (sv) decision that Ajmal Kasab should be hanged.
81 None (may take sv or pv accdg to the context) have (pv) agreed to the new chairman's proposal. 
82 Neither of the brothers is (sv) ready to compromise. Ex. Either of, neither of, one of 
83 
The Team could finish fast as some of the work was (sv) done by the team leader. Ex. A LOT OF, LOTS OF, MOST OF, PERCENT OF, PLENTHY OF, A QUARTER OF, REMAINDER OF, SOME OF, HALF OF, ONE THIRD OF, (take sv and pv accdg countable or uncountable nouns the phrase precedes. sv used if the phrase precedes =countable, pv if uncountable noun)
84 
The following (take sv of pv accdg to context) are(pv) the names of the students who are interested for the quiz competition.
85 When you travel long distance in train, more than one book is (sv) wise to carry. Ex. Nothing but 
86 
Most of the work is (sv) not yet complete. (sv if precedes a countable noun and plural if uncountable noun) ex. All, any. Most,some
87 
Each of the students was (sv) given a packet of sweets. Ex. Anybody, anyone, each, every, everyone, everybody, much, no one, , one, other, somebody, someone, something.
88 
It is Lee Min Ho, not his co-stars who decide the camera angle. (with a positive and a nega subj the verb must agree with the positive sentence.)
89 House after house (if same subject is repeted after a preposition) was (sv) searched by the patrolling team. 
90 Hundred litres (when a plural noun denotes a specific qty or amount) is (sv) not a small quantity. 
91 
The Colourful flower's fragrance filled the entire room. Adj have to be carefully used for the noun it modifies.
92 Suman is as pretty as princess. As = as 
93 
Sita is a minor girl of her class. Certain words are always used as positive adj and have lost their comparative meaning. They cannot be followed by 'than'. Example: elder, exterior, former,hinder, inner, interior,latter, major, minor, outer, upper, utter,
94 Manish is lazier between the two. 
95 
Susil is clever than other contractors of his time. In comparative comparison, the latter term of comparison mustr exclude the former.
96 
Mr. Reyes is senior to Mr. Quizon. Comparative adj are generally followed by 'than' but the ff comparative adj. are ff by 'to' ex. Anterior, inferior, junior, prior, posterior, senior and superior
97 
The bird is more pretty than strong. Avoid using comparative in 'er' when 2 qualities in a same noun are compared.
98 
The crow is the cleverest of all birds. Superlative degree is used when comparison among more than the 2 noun is done.3
99 
Snake wood is the heaviest of all woods. In superlative comparison, the latter term of comparison must include the former.
100 
The monk who sold his Ferrari' is the finest book of all times. (superlative form always takes article 'the' before it.
101 Rowling is a famous writer. Harry potter is her (not 'the') best creation. 
102 
Your profession can be determined from the subject you like (not with 'the') most. (id=f superlative 'best or 'most' is used with 'like', then arcticle 'the' is not used before the superlative.
103 
Paris is the coolest place in the world. (while reffering to place in superlative form 'in' is used in place of 'of'
104 The crow is the cleverest of all (not with 'the) birds. Do not use 'other or 'else with superlatives. 
105 
Earth is a unique planet. (certain adj do not admit comparison because of their very nature) ex. Absolute, complete, entire, extreme, flat, full, ideal, impossible, unique, universal, whole, all geometric figures. Etc.
107 
Rasgoolas of Kolkata are swetter than rasgoolas of Bhubaneswar. Not Rasgoolas of Kolkata are swetter than Bhubaneswar(care must be taken to ensure logical comparison)
108 The weather is going hotter and hotter now days. Not The weather is going hot and hot now days. 
109 
Pia is healthier and prettier than Maxine.(if more than 1 adj is used in comparison and the adj are connected with 'and' then all the adj must be either in comparative form or superlative form.)
110 
The outcome of the strike resulted in the formation of a (not "an") union. 'A' is used before the indefinite nouns wc begins with a consonant sound and can very well be used before vowels., if they also begin with consonant sound.
111 
An (not a) honest man always sticks to his principles. 'An' is used before the indefinite nouns wc begins with a vowel sound and can very well be used before consonants, if they also begin with vowel sound.
112 
The police found nothing but (not with a or an) boxes of chocolate. (A or An is not used before plural nouns and uncountable nouns)
113 
Her mother gave us a piece of advice which we would never forget. Not Her mother gave us an advice which we would never forget. (''The' is used before a singular noun meant to represent a whole class.)
114 
The president of the US of America is one of the most powerful person of the world. ('The' is used before countries with plural names and countries having words like 'kingdom', states' and 'republic"
115 
The Gita is the most sacred book of the Hindus. ('the is used before names of the scriptures and certain important and renowned books.)
116 
Neither the Times of India nor the Indian Express interests me. ('The is used before names of airplane, committee, club, community, foundation, newspaper, political party, ship, trust and train.)
117 
The Nile is the longer river in the world. ('the' is used before the names of buildings, cannals, rivers, seas, oceans, desers, bays, groups, gulfs, groups of islands and mountain ranges.)
118 The sun rises in the east and sets in the west. (The is used before directions) 
119 
The Gulf of Mexico is a crucial market for oilfield services. ('the' is used before names consisting noun + of + noun
120 The sea has reserves to teach a human mind. ('the' is used before names of unique things. 
121 
The melodious sound of the violin instoxicated us more than alcohol. ('the' is used before names of musical instruments and inventions.)
122 According to the police investigation she jumped from the 3rd floor. ('the' is used with ordinals) 
123 
The faster we drive the sooner we reach. (if 2 or more interdependent comparatives are used in a sentence then the article 'the' is used before the comparatives.)
124 
Singapore was the better place of the 2 places we visited last year. ('the' is used before comparative degree being used for selection or comparison)
125 
Preparation was expedited as the chief minister has preponed the meeting. (when a person is being referred by his designation, 'the' is used.
126 
Cow is an innocent animal. (The' is ommited before coomon nouns and plural nouns wchich represents its whole class.
127 Iron is a useful material in constructions. (The' is ommited before material nouns and abstract nouns.) 
128 
She might have gone to temple for Monday prayer. ((The' is ommited before bed,college,hospital,mosque, prison, table, temple, university, etc. when they are visited for primary purpose.)
129 In our hostel breakfast was always ready by 7am. ('the' is omitted' before meals in general terms) 
130 We can have the party when party is out of town. ('the is omitted before names of relatives') 
131 engineering is a 4yr course. ("the' is omitted before names of professions.) 
132 Hockey is the national game of India. ((The' is ommited before names of sports and games) 
133 Cancer is a deadly disease. ((The' is ommited before names of diseases 
134 The benefit of exercies has been detailed in chapter 7. ((The' is ommited before noun + number) 
135 The satellite which is to orbit mars must leave earth by morning. ((The' is ommited before time of day) 
136 1999 was a catastrophic year for Odisha people. ((The' is ommited when particular year is referred) 
137 
As he was born in 1942, he has seen pre-independence India. (however if 'year' precedes a specific year or a period of years is referred 'the; can be very well used)
138 Winter is the worst enemy of the poor. (The' is ommited before names of seasons and festival) 
139 I have not been to village after the cyclone. (The' is ommited before speakers own village and town.) 
140 
She has been adjudged miss universe of the year 2014. (The' is ommited before a predicative noun denoting a unique position.
141 
It is pessimism to lose heart after a failure. ((The' is ommited before the transitive verb followed by its object in certain phrases.)
142 
Your can raise this question at dinner. (The is omitted before the object preceded by a preposition in certain phrases.)
143 He always drives smoothly. (ajd shud be used in place of adverb) 
144 
The patient waited patiently. (adv of manner is placed after the verb and in case there is an obj the adverb is placed after the object.
145 
The maid carefully cleaned the coffee stained table. (Adv of manner is placed before the verb in case the obj consists of several words.
146 
I spoke to him yesterday. (Adverbs or Adv of phrases of place and of time are usually placed after the verb or after the obj if there is any.)
147 
The Director sanctioned the proposal happily after the mtg on Friday. (MPT order of adv. Adverb of manner precedes adv of place and adv of place precedes adv of time.)
148 
He always comes late. (adv of frequency are usually put between the subj and the verb but if ther is more than 1 word in the verb the adverb is put after the 1st word)
149 
Ali was never fond of chocolate. (If the verb ia am/are/was, then the adverb of frequency is always placed after the verb.)
150 
Ali always used to come wearing a yellow cap. ( the auxilliaries 'have to' and 'used to' take the adverb of frequency before them.)
151 
The question is easy enough to you to solve. ( the adverb 'enough' is always placed after the word which it modifies.
152 
We have to collect Rs 50,000. We have collected only Rs 15,000.00. (the adverb 'only' shud be placed immediately before the word it modifies.)
153 
Odisha experienced a devastating cyclone in the year 1999 on 29 October. (when there are 2 adverbs of time, the one indicating point of time is usually placed 1st however for the sake of emphasis the 1 indicating a longer period of time can be placed 1st.
154 
Mr. Modi is to address in JM Maiden in Delhi.(when there are 2 adverb of place, the 1 indicating smaller place is usually placed 1st however for the very sake of the sentence the one indicating bigger place can be placed first.
155 
I learnt Spanish when I was there in Spain. (in/at - in is used with names of countries and large countries; at is used with small towns and villages
156 
Abnash made an acrobatic dive into the pool. (in/into - in is used to denote the state of a thing in a particular place while 'into' is used denote movement of a thing to a particular place.)
157 
You are going to catch cold if you stay in the pool for a long time. (in/within-with respect to time 'in' is used to denote approximate time while 'within is used to denote before the end of a fixed time.
158 
She has cleaned the room with a broom. (by/with- 'with respect to action by' is used for the agent and ' with is used for the instrument.
159 
A misunderstanding surfaced among the 3 parties. (between/ among - 'between' is used when 2 things are involved while 'among; is used when more than 2 things are involved.
160 
A pretty girl sat beside me in the seminar. (beside/besides -'beside' is used to denote by the side of while 'besides' is used to denote in addition to.
161 
He has been suffering since Tuesday. (Both refer to a point of time however 'from' is used with non perfect tense and 'since' is used with perfect tense.
162 The machine started working from (not since) Saturday. (improvement in/improvement on 
164 
The passengers were stranded for 5 hrs in the station. (for/during - both refer to period of time however 'for is used just to denote a period of time and 'during' is used to denote something happened in that period of time.
165 
The keys are kept on the table. (on-something means there is a point of contact. 'Above' -something means there is no contact and the obj above is stationary. 'over' something means there is no contact and the obj is over is in motion.
166 Hang the keys below the light. 
166 The dog carried fish and went under the bed. 
167 
The team arrived 3 days ago. (beneath-something means there is no point of contact. , below-something means there is no contact and the object below is stationary;, under something means there is no contact and the obj of motion.
168 
The money was distributed among the players. (ago-denotes past action while before is used to denote when 2 actions are involved
169 
On the subj of greed there was a diff in opinion amongst honest people. (among/amongst - amongst is specifically used before word with a vowel sound.
170 
The cat jumped upon the table to save itself from the dog. On/Upon on-denote things at rest while 'upon is used to denote things in motion'
171 
There is an improvement in his communication. Improvement in- something getting better in itself, improvement on used to denote something better over another thing.
172 
The dean doesn't agree to the student's proposal.(agree to / agree with - agree to-when we talk of a thing while, agree with-used when we talk of a person.
173 
Books are made of papers. (make of / make from- make of- used when the finished product undergoes just physical change while make from - when the finished product undergoes chemical change.
174 
We shall reach soon if we go by car. Article is not used before nouns of transport in general, 'by' is used instead.
175 
It is 2 hours journey on Raja's bike. (by -is not used when the nouns of tranportation are specified. In or on is used instead.
176 
We went to see him in Ranjit's car. (on is used before specific bicycle, bus, plane, ship or train and 'in is used before specific ambulance, car, lorry, taxi or van.
178 The box was so heavy that (not 'and')I couldn't lift it. 
179 
The principal ordered, 'No one should remain in the class during break.' conjunction 'that' is not used before - 1.a sentence in direct narration. 2.An interrogative pronoun in indirect narration.
180 
I indeed have respect for you but cannot do what you want me to. (the correlative conjunctions 'indeed ….. But' are used to emphasise the contrast between the 2 parts of the statement.
181 
The police not only caught the thief but also whacked him severely. (Parallelism must be maintained while using 'not only….but also' note: if only is used before a noun/ pronoun 'but also' must be used for a noun/pronoun. If 'not only' is used before a verb 'but also' must be used before a verb.
182 
The book is such as I could read it. Such …..as is used to denote a category where as 'such ….. That' emphasises the degree of something by mentioning its consequences.
183 But that is not acceptable. However and but shud never be used together in a sentence. 
184 The peon won't leave office until it is 8pm. Until refers to time and 'unless' refers to a condition. 
185 
The thief decided to hide the stolen valuables near a lake. The ff verbs are always by the infinitive: agree, arrange, attempt, cease, consent, decide, determine, endeavor, forget, hesitate, learn, manage,rpmise, propose,refuse, remember,seem, undertake, etc,
186 
The CM heard the people's grievances. (the ff verbs always take infinitive without to., bid, dare, hear, let, make, need, see, watch etc.
187 
I would throw it away rather than give you. (The ff phrases also always take the infinitive without to: would rather, would sooner, rather than, sooner than and had better.
188 
Noor showed her engagement ring to all except Arkim. (Preposition like 'but and except' also taje the infinitive without 'to'
189 
It is of no use talking to the principal. (the ff phrases are always followed by a gerund: accustomed to, forward to, fed up with, habituated to, is no use, is woerth, is no good, is used to, tired of, tired with.
190 
Is it worth spending so much on a holiday trip? (the noun and pronoun determining a gerund must be in the possessive case.)
191 On the way climbing ants fell from trees. (a participle cannot be used without its noun or pronoun.) 
192 
The magician left the audience thinking hard. (the ff verbs are followed by a present participle: Catch , hear, look, leave, listen, observe, perceive, see, smell, start.
193 I wish I could explain her.(the ff verbs are followed by a past participle: get, have, make, want, wish. 
194 I wish you speak the truth. (present subjunctive is used in formal phrases to express wish, hope or curse.) 
195 
The court ordered that his erring subjects be punished. (present subjunctive is used in a noun clause where the verb indicates command, desire, intention, request, resolution, recommendation.
196 I wish I could help you. Past subjunctive is used after the verb wih. 
197 
If honey tasted bitter., its value would fall. (Past subjunctive is used if an impossible situation is mentioned in a sentence.
198 My boss orders me as if he was my father. In sentence where asif, as though, would rather, etc are used. 
199 
Cycling, swimming and to dancing for long hours are my sister's hobbies. (parallelism in a sentence must be maintained.
200 
The bird then flew higher and higher and finally disapperaed. (repetition of similar words which clutters a sentence is known as rebundancy. A rebundant is used for the sake of emphasis or from ignorance which is however grammatically incorrect and should be avoided